So for all and to be successful it invoked AWOS you're going to need a couple of things.
And first of those is an access policy and access policy is based on I am policies identity and access
management.
So with an Access Policy lambda functions know where they can access and what resources they can connect
to.
So with I m or access policies for lambda we can define what other services we can make use of and what
are our grant permissions.
So with a proper access policy we'll be able to access S-3 resources on our AWOS account and to do that
again we're going to have to create an access policy for our lambda function before we even create it.
So now let's go and create ourselves an access policy for I am quite sure now what I'm going to do is
I'm going to first create an I am client so I can create my policy.
And again the policy is going to be based on all the policies and access management on a W-S is managed
by I am or identity and access management.
So the right place to create this policy is I am I cannot create this policy anywhere else.
I have to create my policy on I am and I'm going to have to bind this with my function when I create
it.
So now let's create our I am client first down we can create our policy.
So I'll say I am client and then I'll just simply say I am equals both of three and I am.
And as you notice I'm not providing in your region.
That's basically because I am is a global service from a double U.S..
So after giving you this information I'm going to provide my type information so I can get the autocomplete
benefits of Pi both all three.
So let's say pi both three that I am here we go.
So finally let's just return our I am client and there we go.
So let's just focus on the task at hand which is to create an access policy for our lambda function.
So I'm going to go down here and define my method and I'll say create an Access Policy for lambda.
All right.
So within this method I'm going to provide my access definition to my policy and I'm going to give it
a name and description so I can create my proper access conditions for my lambda function.
So the first thing to create is a policy document.
So this document is going to be based on dictionary basically.
So I'll say as three access policy document and I'm going to create a dictionary within the dictionary.
The first thing that I provide is a version and that version is going to be any version for I am access
policies so I'll pro-white 2012 10 and 17.
All right.
And the statement part is the most important part for and policies within this statement.
I'll say what I want to access and what resources I want to access within those services.
So within an array I'm going to provide my dictionary within this dictionary.
I'm going to start by providing the action today I want for this Lamda to be executed.
So within this action I'll provide my actions in an array.
And the first thing that I want to do is of course access as three resources.
So I'm going to say as three and then I'm going to provide an asterix to indicate I want to access anything
about S-3.
So if I said Get object and that will be a limitation for my S-3 access.
Because with this way I could only get objects in an as three bucket.
I could not do anything else.
So let's just go back and provide an asterisk so we can access anything about as three.
And for the next part for my lambda function to be monitored and for my log statements to be tracked
properly.
So I can see what's going wrong with my function.
I want a couple of permissions on Klau watch and those permissions are basically to create low groups
dreams and put some events within those Lokes.
So this is a fundamental policy for any lambda function because otherwise you will not be able to see
anything about your window function.
AWOS doesn't give you this out of the box.
You have to provide proper permissions for your access policy to go and create a low group Log statement
or log stream and then put some events when something happens and when your function is invoked on a
table with us.
So the proper way to do is of course say logs and then create low group.
And after that Laux create log stream.
And finally I'll say logs and put log events.
All right let's just face it typo there.
And here we go.
So this is basically the actions that I want to work on a deal with us.
This is again my sole action today.
I want to do by my head.
And these three are basically what I want my lambda function to be monitored on the WS.
So let's go down here and provide our other property.
And of course for the effect part I want to love these actions to be executed on my behalf with my lambda
function.
And finally I'm defining the resource that I want these actions to be invoked and that is basically
all the resources regarding the services.
So this is basically my access policy.
So let's go down here and create this access policy.
So I'm just going to go hit return and call my client and I'll say create policy
within my policy.
The first thing that I have to provide of course a policy name and for my policy name I'll say Lamda
as free access policy.
All right.
And my policy document is going to be my dictionary.
But of course to dictionary to be useful on API call I have to dump it as a Jaison object.
So to do that this is go up and import J song library from Python Nathu libraries import Jaison.
And after that let's go back to our policy document and say Jaison dot dumps and let's say has three
access policy document.
And finally let's give this a description and say allows lambda
function to access as three resources.
All right.
Just like that.
So now let's go down and invoke our method and see what's going to happen.
And for that purpose I'm going to create a main method within that main method I'm going to print out
and I want to see what's going to happen.
So I'm going just going to call my method just like that.
So let's just go and hit Cryan and see what's going to happen.
Here we go our I am policy is now create it with proper name and ID and the path and all the proper
permissions that I wanted to create on I am.
So this is basically how you can create a lambda function access policy and for this policy to be useful
I have to create a lamb the execution roll and attach this policy to that execution roll so that I can
actually access these resources.
So to do that to create an execution role for our lambda function Augustinian the next video.